Fix wording about infinite iterators for iterator helper methods (#36622)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/iterator/filter/index.md

## Description

> The main advantage of iterator helpers over array methods is that they are lazy, meaning that they only produce the next value when requested. This can improve performance and also allows them to be used with infinite iterators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main advantage of iterator helpers over array methods is that they are lazy, meaning that they only produce the next value when requested. This avoids unnecessary computation and also allows them to be used with infinite iterators.
```
